Hey guys Zahm Peterson here.
In a previous video we've talked about and get a router how we can use it to change the content of our
app.
According to the route that the users currently own and with also create the home component in this
we are going to add image charism to our home component before we create our image carousel.
You must first acquire the images required.
Let's start by going to Amazon Dot com.
And then you download the images here.
D-Mich. one
image to
actually
which for an image file.
Now this is done ready to set up.
Or better that's opened up a text editor and open home component T.M. let's create a section here and
I hope it will create a container
here we've created the section and inside it we've created a diff.
It will only be shown when a screen size is larger than medium
to NGV carrousel text is to charism itself and then Engy template and Bistline is the better image.
The engine template is copy and paste for more times and each of them will be linked to a different
better image.
Now let's take a look at our app so we can see that the banner images are showing up but they are not
behaving like they should.
Let's minimize this.
Now let's open up some component Yes SPSS
that's minimizer or text editor.
Open up a browser.
Now we can see the banner is centered correctly in this we deal with edit an image carries out to our
home page and the next we do we create a resource that is use for API called.